feat(BarChart): add hideBarLabel prop which hides label of each bar (#2575)
toptal/picasso: .changeset/seven-terms-sniff.md

> ---
> '@toptal/picasso-charts': minor
> ---
> 
> Added new optional prop for BarChart component which allows hiding labels of all bars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@toptal/picasso-charts': minor
---

---
### BarChart

- Add new optional prop `barLabelHidden` for BarChart component which allows hiding labels of all bars.
```

We should follow [changeset guidelines](https://github.com/toptal/picasso/blob/master/docs/contribution/changeset-guidelines.md)

Reviewer: We should follow [changeset guidelines](https://github.com/toptal/picasso/blob/master/docs/contribution/changeset-guidelines.md)
